docs: update README.md (#1066)
synonymdev/bitkit: README.md

## Bitkit's solution

Bitkit offers a Bitcoin wallet that supports both on-chain and lightning transactions. The application runs a custom, non-routing Lightning node created with the [Lightning Development Kit](https://github.com/lightningdevkit) on the user's mobile phone. By default you connect to Synonym's Electrum-Bitcoin Core server, but you can also connect to your own server. We on-board users to Lightning through our lightning service provider (LSP) [Blocktank](https://github.com/synonymdev/blocktank-client). In the future, we will also enable connections to other LSPs and peers on the network. 

Users can back up their Bitcoin and Lightning keys with a standard BIP-39 seed and optional password. Lightning channel data is automatically replicated on our a backup server. The data is encrypted on the client-side before it is sent to our server to ensure privacy. You can view our code [here](https://github.com/synonymdev/bitkit-backup-client).

The other main features Bitkit supports are as follows: 

> * Social profiles and contacts
> * Easy payments to profiles
> * Key-based account logins
> * Streaming of private and public data feeds into widgets

Reviewer: Add icons to this list:

```suggestion
* 📱 Social profiles and contacts
* 💸 Easy payments to profiles
* 🔑 Key-based account logins
* 📊 Streaming of private and public data feeds into widgets
```

All these additional features are powered by Slashtags: a collection of software modules and specifications that complements the Bitcoin and Lightning stacks in the building of peer-to-peer applications, specifically to enable decentralized identities and web-of-trust reputation systems. You can view our JavaScript-based software development kit which has been used for the Bitkit wallet [here](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags).

> You can experiment with Bitkit's Slashtags features in our [playground](https://slashtags.to/#playground). We currently support four public data widgets: a bitcoin [price feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-price-feed), a bitcoin [news feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-news-feed), a bitcoin [block data feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-bitcoin-feed), and bitcoin [facts feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-facts-feed). 

Reviewer: List widgets in topics, and add links to website playground.

```suggestion
You can experiment with Bitkit's Slashtags features in our [playground](https://slashtags.to/#playground). We currently support four public data widgets: 

* 📈 [Bitcoin Price Feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-price-feed) - [📲 Add to your phone](https://slashtags.to/playground/price)
* 📰 [Bitcoin News Feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-news-feed) - [📲 Add to your phone](https://slashtags.to/playground/headlines)
* 📊 [Bitcoin Block Feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-bitcoin-feed) - [📲 Add to your phone](https://slashtags.to/playground/blocks)
* 📚 [Bitcoin Facts Feed](https://github.com/synonymdev/slashtags-widget-facts-feed) - [📲 Add to your phone](https://slashtags.to/playground/facts)
```
